# FAQs

### Can you explain FinNexus simply?
You can actually get a clue from the project’s name ‘FinNexus’. The name is quite straightforward. FinNexus is the combination of the words ‘Finance’ and ‘Nexus’. It means financial connections. I will explain that in 3 aspects:

1. To asset owners
Finance here includes the ‘traditional’ and the ‘decentralized’ and traditional finance is only traditional compared to DeFi. Here FinNexus is aiming at providing a solution, which we call it a protocol, where one can link the traditional financial world with the blockchain technology in an efficient, transparent and feasible way. For example, one with assets that have good expected cash flows will find a way to easily tokenize the assets on FinNexus.
2. To users
FinNexus will act as a financial product supermarket. Right now, the DeFi world has a problem that almost all of the crypto assets or financial products bear the same systematic risks, which means when the Bitcoin price collapses, every kind will join the plummet and even the financial models will cease to be valid. One of the reasons is that all assets are purely crypto-born. Moreover, the crypto interface is not so easy for a nonprofessional to operate. FinNexus’ goal is to provide diversification and convenience with assets of real value. Users will be able to invest in assets with various risks and returns here, and can easily choose to their preferences like in a supermarket.
3. FinNexus Itself
FinNexus is concentrating in the application level, with the help of the two initiators. It will not operate or manage assets directly and will act as a channel or a hub, where supplies and needs are paired, while in later stages, it will strive to build the protocols or standards for all of these tokenizations and transactions.

### How are FinNexus assets different?
The FinNexus team have done researches on the tokenization of real world assets. Right now, only a few groups like the credit assets, supply chain finance or other sub-dividable beneficial rights seem most feasible. These tokenized products may bear characteristics like equities, debentures, derivatives or other beneficiary rights.

The noticeable differences lie in the nature of the products. The returns are from the cashflow of the real world assets, rather than mining, staking, speculating, etc. FinNexus combines the decentralized and centralized means. The tokens have advantages on chain, while the product design and disclosure draw lessons from traditional finance.

Apart from that, there will also be products totally on chain, triggered by smart contracts, like crypto futures, options, and ETFs, with user-friendly interfaces.

### Who is the FinNexus team?
Though key members of FinNexus team seem to have different educational backgrounds or working experiences, we come together with the same beliefs and goals. The same purpose has united us together and after grinding-in over one and a half years, we are working together energetically and harmoniously, which provides a foundation for the success of FinNexus. It is not the first time we work together and we knew each other with for long time. The details of resumes are on the website.

### What is the future roadmap?
In phase one, before the end of 2019 or early in 2020, FinNexus is introducing ICTO, combining the fund raising process with its products. Instruments with the essentials of ABT are likely to be one of the major products offered to users, with different systematic risks from the crypto assets. Before the first quarter of 2020, other products like the borrowing and lending, hedging, ETF and staking are likely to be issued, as well as the other schemes of the ABT products. FinNexus will also cooperate with at least three of the token exchanges, crypto wallets or other channels as the sale portals.

In phase two, before the end of 2020, FinNexus will search for the qualified assets globally and combine the blockchain technology with the real world application scenarios in vaster occasions. And FinNexus work with other mainnet projects to launch its new products and interactions with the chain tokens. Moreover, FinNexus will facilitate the trade of the ABT and other similar products on the OTC market. The experience of the traditional financial market shows that the OTC transactions of these products have even higher volume than the bidding mode in the exchanges.

In the third phase, in three years, FinNexus’ goal is to build an open finance protocol. This protocol is established on Layer 3, targeted on the application level. It will provide the basic standard for the tokenization and transaction for all types of assets, both in traditional finance and in the crypto world. All assets that provide future returns will be programmable with blockchain in the future and FinNexus is defining a protocol that provides the standards and convenience in realization. Different assets may apply to various requirements in details, but the common language lying in is what FinNexus is chasing for.
While in the coming days, we would expect 1) the release of the detailed conversion and subscription rules on the website; 2) the release of the ABT offering circular to give a detailed explanation on the risks and returns; 3) setting the timetable for offering and listing of FNC.

### Why do we need DeFi?

Decentralized blockchain technology needs application scenarios, and the finance needs the innovative technology to solve its own problems, thus here comes the merge of the two.

Bitcoin brings the blockchain technology into our sight and until now, it has 70% of the total value of crypto assets. Bitcoin is born to facilitate the financial transactions and most of the project henceforth cannot be isolated from the financial fields. There is an inevitable bond since the birth of the technology, and finance is always the natural experimental field of blockchain.
The problem of information asymmetry is always puzzling investors and regulators. Most of the solution came from a centralized way from the authorities before, while the result was much diversified among regions. With the emergence of blockchain, it provides an alternative solution to this long-lasting issue. It is trustworthy, non-modifiable and self-proved. Moreover, it is bondless and anti-authorized, which can largely reduce the cost of international transactions while enhancing the efficiency. The technology is self-organized, decentralized and automated. DeFi has the potential to change the governance structure and investment behavior in the financial world.
Tens of years ago, the internet has brought finance efficiency and popularization. Today blockchain is about to change the financial system again. It introduces the participants into a new territory that is bondless, decentralized, trustworthy, and equal. It will largely decrease the cost of centralized supervision, the risk of information asymmetry and the barrier among economic entities. Many business formats will change concerning the technology, including the economic entities, governance authorities, market intermediaries, exchanges and the transaction behavior of investors. For example, in the future, it is expected that the basic bookkeeping of a business entity will be on blockchain, and all of the operational activities like procurement, production, sales, inventories, invoices, taxations, employments, etc., will be dealt with and recorded in a decentralized way. Therefore, the auditors’ jobs are shifting from the bookkeeping test of accuracy to the verification of the validity of the chain.

Of course, FinNexus is born to be part of the big change, and we strive to be one of the driving forces of the financial decentralization progress. The goal of FinNexus is to build an Open Finance Protocol. The protocol is like a channel or a standard, to allow all kinds of assets, whether decentralized or centralized, whether with characteristics of equity, debenture, derivative or other hybrid, to find its path towards tokenization with the blockchain technology. By maintaining the basic business logic and learning from the traditional financial model, FinNexus will combine with the advantages of the blockchain technology, to make investors truly benefit from decentralization.

### Who is the target user?
FinNexus aims to serve those who know blockchain and have invested in crypto assets or DeFi products, those who know real world investment but little about blockchain, and those who know little about crypto assets or financial investment but interested in the blockchain technology and curious on the virtual assets.

The meaning of ‘Nexus’ has many parts, and one is to make connections with different market participants. FinNexus will work through protocols and try to act as a channel. In future stages, it will make connections with the OTC markets providing fiat and crypto currency exchanges. Through these protocols, non-crypto users will be able to invest in the FinNexus products.
As FinNexus is built on Layer 3, the protocol will be built combining the decentralized and centralized solution. User-friendliness is a must. By means of easy interfaces, full information disclosure and integrated protocols, users with various degree of knowledge and different risk tolerance are able to get their suitable investment, easily and transparently.
